Expand rotate API keys guide with webhooks and key hygiene (#3306)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/guides/secure/rotate-api-keys.mdx

---
title: Rotate your Clerk API keys
description: Learn how to rotate your Clerk Secret Key and webhook signing secrets to revoke access for compromised credentials.
---

Common reasons to rotate a key include a leaked `.env` file, a security incident at a third-party service, or a departing team member. This page covers how to rotate your [Secret Key](!secret-key) and webhook signing secrets, and explains which Clerk credentials do or don't need rotation.

## Which keys to rotate

Not every Clerk credential is a secret, and not all of them are rotated the same way:

- **[Publishable Key](!publishable-key)** (`pk_live_*` / `pk_test_*`): Safe to expose on the frontend. You don't need to rotate it if it's committed to a repository or otherwise made public.
- **[Secret Key](!secret-key)** (`sk_live_*` / `sk_test_*`): Must be kept private. If it's exposed, rotate it using the steps in [Rotate your Secret Key](#rotate-your-secret-key).

> - **Webhook signing secret** (`whsec_*`): A shared secret between Clerk and your app. Anyone with it can forge requests to your webhook endpoint. If exposed, rotate it using the steps in [Rotate a webhook signing secret](#rotate-a-webhook-signing-secret).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Webhook signing secret** (`whsec_*`): A shared secret between Clerk and your app. Anyone with it can make verified requests to your webhook endpoint. If exposed, rotate it using the steps in [Rotate a webhook signing secret](#rotate-a-webhook-signing-secret).
```
